===========
Tue, 24 Jul
===========


OpenStack and Rackspace
=======================

I suspect that if you find this as exciting as I do, one or both of us
need to go out looking for a life.  However, OpenStack is nearly here,
and Connexions is in the Early Access Program. WooHoo.

`OpenStack <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenStack>`_ is in the
frankly hilariously named Essex release, and is a collaboration
between NASA (yes!) and Rackspace (and now 150 other companies) all of
whom bascially want some of Jeff Bezos' AWS lunch.

Now, I am currently trying to get Jenkins to nicely play with my cloud
servers (see `Pantry Bell
<https://github.com/lifeisstillgood/pantrybell>`_ and will move this
over to the pythonic `nova
<https://github.com/openstack/python-novaclient>`_ Real Soon Now.

But, OpenStack, cloud servers, built from scratch, controlled from Jenkins jobs - should be lovely for getting COntinuous Deployment running - nice.


 





Starting Blogging !
===================

This is the first of hopefully a regular series of blogs from 
the developers behind `Connexions <www.cnx.org>`_.


Connexions
----------

Connexions provides free (beer *and* speech) educational resources to
students and teachers around the world.  It has developed over ten
years a eco-system of authoring tools, repository and means to serve
the textbooks, exercises, snippets of knowledge to 2 million people a
month.

And they are building a major update of that code.

And its all Open Source - and being developed right in front of your eyes.
(Mail `us <mailto:ecw1@rice.edu>`_ if you want to join in.)

And thats what we are doing here ...


The people
----------

(If your gravatar is not here, please let me know the right email address to use)







Google Summer of Code Students






The code:


https://github.com/Connexions



The plan
--------

I am hoping we can link to the specs, and have the developers involved
in each component post about their updates or changes on a regular
basis.

We shall see, as the old man said.
